# yousousen.github.io


I will write to you a request to generate code in PyTorch for a neural network. 
I will explain what you should generate at great length, but please use the 
paper Machine Learning for Conservative-to-Primitive in Relativistic 
Hydrodynamics by Dieseldorst et al. for anything that I miss to specify, as I 
have based my description on this paper. It would be extremely helpful to me if 
you could generate this code. I will write my request in batches, please only 
start generating code when I have completed my request fully. I will mark that I 
have completed my request by saying "This completes my request.". I will start 
writing my request now.

Please create a code in PyTorch for conservative-to-primitive inversion based on 
supervised learning of a fully connected feedforward neural network. Use the GPU 
if it is available. Use for the neural network two hidden layers and use the 
sigmoid function as the activation function for each of the two. Use ReLU as the 
nonlinearity applied to the output. Use for the number of neurons in the first 
hidden layer 600, and for the number of neurons of the second hidden layer 200. 
The network has three inputs, the conserved density D, the conserved momentum in 
the x direction S_x and the conserved energy density τ. The network has one 
output, namely the primitive variable which is the pressure p. All other 
primitive variables can be calculated from p. 

Let the number of epochs be 400. The training dataset should consist of 80000 
samples, while the test dataset should consist of 10000 samples. Let the initial 
learning rate for training be set to 6 * 10^-4. Please construct the training 
dataset as follows. Use equation (3) from Dieseldorst et al., p = p(ρ,e) = 
(Γ-1)ρe, to calculate the pressure from the equation of state. Use Γ=5/3. Then 
uniformly sample the primitive variables over the intervals ρ ∈ (0,10.1), ϵ ∈ 
(0, 2.02), and v_x ∈ (0, 0.721) using a random seed. Calculate the corresponding 
conservative variables D, S_x, and τ, using the equations (2) from Dieseldorst 
et al.: W = (1-v_x^2)^(-1/2), h = 1 + ϵ + p / ρ, D = ρ W, S_x = ρ h W^2 v_x, τ = 
ρ h W^2 - p - D. Use torch's DataLoader to create a data loader from the data 
set.

Adapt the learning rate until the error on the training dataset is minimized, 
which marks that training is completed. To adapt the learning rate, we multiply 
the learning rate by a factor of 0.5 whenever the loss of the training data over 
the last five epochs has not improved by at least 0.05% with respect to the 
previous five epochs. Furthermore, ten epochs have to be completed before the 
next possible learning rate adaption. Use torch's ReduceLROnPlateau for this 
learning rate adaptation.

Errors on data series should be evaluated with the L_1 and L_{infinity} norms. 
Errors are calculated by comparing the error in the calculated pressure after 
the trained neural network performs the conservative to primitive inversion and 
by comparing to the test dataset.

The minimization of the weights and biases, collectively called θ, should be 
performed iteratively, by 1. Computing the loss function E, for which we use the 
mean squared error, and 2. Taking the gradient of the loss function with 
backpropagation, and 3. Applying the gradient descent algorithm, for which we 
use the Adam optimizer, in order to minimize E. An epoch is completed by 
performing these three steps for all samples of the training dataset. Let the 
training dataset be split into random mini-batches of size 32 and collect the 
gradients of the θ for all samples of a minibatch. Apply the gradient descent 
algorithm after each mini-batch. Create new mini-batches after each epoch.

We use the pressure to calculate all other primitive variables, using equations 
(A2), (A3),(A4), (A5), from Dieseldorst et al. Using these equations, we 
calculate the primitive velocity in the x-direction to be v_x(p) =  S_x / (τ + D 
+ p), we calculate the Lorentz factor to be W(p) = 1 / (1- v^2(p))^(1/2), we 
calculate the primitive variable specific internal energy to be ϵ(p) = (τ + D(1- 
W(p) + p(1- W^2(p)) / (D W(p)) and we calculate the primitive variable density 
to be ρ(p) = D / (W(p)).

The code should print the progress and should plot all the relevant results. 
Make sure that in plotting no errors are thrown due to mixing of numpy arrays 
and torch tensors, and to that end convert all numpy arrays to torch tensors. 
Also make sure that no errors are thrown in plotting due to different dimensions 
of the data that is plotted. Create, among other plots, the mean squared error 
against epochs for the training data, the testing data and the learning 
adaptation, both as separate plots as well as all in one. Furthermore, create a 
plot of the learning rate against epoch. Use different color palettes for the 
plots to make them more appealing and distinguishable. Add labels, legends, 
titles, and annotations to the plots to make them more informative and clear. 
Adjust the figure size, aspect ratio, margins, and spacing of the plots to make 
them more readable. Use different kinds of plots or combine multiple plots to 
show different aspects of the data or highlight interesting patterns. 

The code should save all results and plots. Make sure to save the model before 
the plotting starts. Please explain in great detail the code step-by-step in the 
code comments. Make the code readable by creating many functions to perform the 
tasks that I have described. Make printed output nice and readable as well.

This completes my request.
